I love blackjack. But I'm not addicted to gambling. I'm addicted to sitting in a semicircle.
I tried to have a cookie, and this girl said, &quot;I'm mailing those cookies to my friend.&quot; So I couldn't have one. You shouldn't make cookies untouchable.
I drank some boiling water because I wanted to whistle.
A lollipop is a cross between hard candy and garbage.
Has anyone seen me on Letterman? Two million people watch that show and I don't know where they are. You might have seen this next comedian on the Late Show, but I think more people have seen me at the store. That should be my introduction. &quot;You might have seen this next comedian at the store,&quot; and people would say &quot;Hell yes I have!&quot;
It's hard to fight when you're in a gazebo.
I don't like grouper fish. Well, they're okay. They hang around star fish. Because they're grouper fish.
I have some speakers up here, thank God, because last night I didn't have them and I was telling jokes and I had no idea which joke I was telling. So I told jokes twice. I even told that one twice.
I've got a wallet, it's orange. In case I wanna buy a deer. That doesn't make any sense at all.
I miss the $2 bill, 'cause I can break a two. $20, no. $10, no. $5, maybe, $2? Oh yeah. What do you need, a one and another one?
I called the hotel operator and she said, &quot;How can I direct your call?&quot; I said, &quot;Well, you could say 'Action!', and I'll begin to dial. And when I say 'Goodbye', then you can yell 'Cut!'&quot;
A dog came to my door, so I gave him a bone, the dog took the bone into the back yard and buried it. I'm going to go plant a tree there, with bones on it, then the dog will come back and say, &quot;Shoot! It worked! I must distribute these bones equally for I have a green paw!&quot;
Cavities are made by sugar. So if you need to dig a hole, then lay down some candy bars!
I like cottage cheese. That's why I want to try other dwelling cheeses, too. How about studio apartment cheese? Tent cheese? Mobile home cheese? Do not eat mobile home cheese in a tornado.
